.TH kusu-net-tool 8 "Version: ${VERSION_STR}" "Platform Computing" "Kusu Base"
.SH NAME
kusu-net-tool \- advanced administrators tool for PCM
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B kusu-net-tool <action> [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
kusu-net-tool is an advanced administrators tool for configuring the PCM
cluster.  It is used for changing PCM cluster settings, which typically are
configured once during the PCM installation.
.PP
For example, kusu-net-tool can be used to change the host name of the primary installer, add/remove provisioning networks, and adjust PCM DNS settings.
.PP
Any action that results in the changing of a PCM configuration file
will result in the restarting of any dependent services.  For example,
if the DNS settings are changed.
.PP
It is
.I highly
recommended to restart the system whenever changes are made
to the OS networking configuration.
.PP
WARNING: incorrect usage of this tool can result in a malfunctioning
cluster.  Use with caution!
.BI named
is restarted as necessary.
.SH ACTIONS
Being a multi-purpose tool,
.BI kusu-net-tool
is action-based.  The functionality of the tool is dependent on the
specified action keyword.

The possible actions are as follows:
.TP
.B
hostname [hostname]
Display or update the hostname

When called without the 'hostname' argument, "kusu-net-tool" will
display the current PCM installer host name.  Specifying the host name
will set the host name of the PCM primary installer and the system.
If the system host name differs from the PCM host name, it will be noted.

It is recommended to reboot the installer after changing this setting to
ensure consistency between the system and PCM cluster.
.TP
.B
addinstnic <device> \-\-desc=<text> [\-\-netmask=NETMASK] [\-\-ip\-address=<ipaddr>] [\-\-start\-ip=<ipaddr>] [\-\-provision|\-\-public] [\-\-gateway=<ipaddr>] [\-\-macaddr=MACADDR] [\-\-force] [\-\-default]
Add the network interface specified by <device> to the PCM installer.

The network interface will then be accessible from kusu-netedit and kusu-ngedit for
further configuration within the PCM cluster.

This will add the network interface to the OS network configuration. It is
.I strongly
recommended to reboot the system after
performing this action.
.TP
.B
delinstnic <device> [\-\-force]
Remove the network interface specified by <device> from the PCM installer.

Use '\-\-force' to skip the confirmation prompt when removing a network interface.

Warning: removing a network interface in a running cluster may result in the
loss of connectivity to any nodes connected to that network.  Use with caution!
.TP
.B
updinstnic <device> [\-\-ip-address=<ipaddress>] [\-\-netmask=NETMASK] [\-\-macaddr=MACADDR] [\-\-gateway=<ipaddr>] [\-\-start-ip=<ipaddr>] [\-\-desc=<text>] [\-\-provision|\-\-public]
Update the network settings for the specified installer NIC.

This will update the OS network configuration (/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-<device>). It is
.I strongly
recommended to reboot the
system after making this change as the current network configuration will be
out of sync with the configuration files.

Warning: changing network configuration in a running PCM cluster may result
in the loss of connectivity to any nodes connected to that network.  Use
with caution!
.TP
.B
hostinfo [hostname]
Displays information about the given host or the installer.

Without the 'hostname' parameter, this displays the network information for the
installer host, otherwise it displays network information for the specified host.
.TP
.B
dns <dns action> [options]
The 'dns' action has sub-actions where <dns action> is one of the following:

.B
info
\- Display the current settings for public and private DNS domain.

.B
set <dns1|dns2|dns3> <ipaddr>
\- Set the specified DNS server 'slot' to the specified IP address. DNS servers are
queried in order, meaning that 'dns1' takes precedence over 'dns2'.

.B
unset <dns1|dns2|dns3>
\- Unset the specified DNS server 'slot'.  NOTE: at least one DNS server is
required.

.B
domain public <domain>
\- Set the public DNS domain to 'domain'.

.B
domain private <domain>
\- Set the private DNS domain to 'domain'.
.SH AUTHORS
Mike Frisch <mfrisch_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
kusu-netedit(8),
kusu-ngedit(8)
