.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "kusu-kit-install" "8" "Version: ${VERSION_STR}" "Kunal Chowdhury" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
kusu-kit-install \- Unified kit installation and deployment tool.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP 
\fBkusu-kit-install\fR [\-h|\-v] 
.LP 
\fBkusu-kit-install\fR [\-r <Repo list>] <SOURCE>
.LP
<SOURCE>- The location of the kits to be installed, e.g. /tmp/kit.iso (file) or /dev/cdrom (cdrom device) or /data/kit (directory).
.LP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
kusu-kit-install is a kit installation and deployment tool. Kusu provides a detailed deployment mechanism for kits using kusu-kitops, kusu-repoman and kusu-ngedit. kusu-kit-install uses reasonable defaults to abstract these details into a single action for easy deployment. The steps used are:
.IP 
\- Install kits.
.br 
\- Add kits to each repository.
.br 
\- Refresh repositories.
.br 
\- Associate components to nodegroups of each repository.
.br 
\- Synchronize nodegroups.
.LP 
If a kit is already present in the system, it is still added to the repositories. If it is already added to a repository, it\(aqs components are still associated with the matching nodegroups.
.LP 
Components are associated matching the ngtypes listed in the kitinfo file and the os against the type of the nodegroups and the ostype of the repository.
.LP 
When a kit\(aqs kitinfo file does not mention the nodegroup types meant for its components, it is assumed that the components are to be associated with just the compute nodegroup.
.LP 
kusu-kit-install has the following options:
.LP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-r, \-\-repolist==<\fIRepo names\fR>\fR
Add kits to the repositories specified with the \fB\-r\fR option.  Note multiple repository names must be separated by commas. Ex: rhel5.3-5-x86_64,\ rhel5.2-5-x86_64.
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Print the help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Print the version information and exit.
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Kunal Chowdhury, <kunalc_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
kusu-kitops(8), kusu-repoman(8), kusu-ngedit(8), kusu-cfmsync(8)
