.TH kusu-appglobals-tool 8 "Version: ${VERSION_STR}" "Platform Computing" "Kusu Base"
.SH NAME
kusu-appglobals-tool \- appglobals management tool for PCM
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B kusu-appglobals-tool [-h|--help | -v]
.PP
.B kusu-appglobals-tool [action] [-h|--help] [target [value]]
.PP
.B kusu-appglobals-tool set [-h|--help] 
\- lists all appglobals with descriptions and allowed values
.PP
.B kusu-appglobals-tool set [-h|--help] [target] 
\- describes target appglobal
.PP
.B kusu-appglobals-tool set <target> <value> 
\- sets target appglobal to given value
.PP
.B kusu-appglobals-tool show [-h|--help] 
\- lists all known appglobal names
.PP
.B kusu-appglobals-tool show <target> 
\- displays target appglobal value
.PP
.B kusu-appglobals-tool show 
\- displays all appglobal values
.SH DESCRIPTION
kusu-appglobals-tool is a management tool for appglobals values in the PCM
database.  It is used for viewing and modifying the appglobals settings,
which are used all accross the PCM cluster.
.PP
For example, kusu-appglobals-tool can be used to change the Public DNS Zone.
.PP
WARNING: incorrect usage of this tool can result in a malfunctioning
cluster.  Use with caution!
.SH ACTIONS
Being a multi-purpose tool,
.BI kusu-appglobals-tool
is action-based.  The functionality of the tool is dependent on the
specified action keyword.

The possible actions are as follows:
.TP
.B
set [-h|--help] <target> [value]
Sets values to appglobal settings.
.br
When called without any options, Sets the "target" setting to the given
"value". Both "target" and "value" must be specified.
.br
.B contextual help :
.br
When called with the "-h/--help" option, displays the description and
allowed values of the "target" setting.
.br
When called with only the "-h/--help" option, all possible settings are 
displayed along with their descriptions and allowed values.
.TP
.B
show [options] [target]
Displays values of appglobal settings.
.br
When called without any options or "target" specified, all settings are
displayed along with their values.
.br
When called a specified target and without any options, displays the
current value of the "target" setting.
.br
.B contextual help :
.br
When called with the "-h/--help" option, displays a list of idrac/bios
setting names.
.SH AUTHORS
Kunal Chowdhury <kunalc_at_platform_dot_com>
