.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "addhost" "8" "Version: 1.1" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
addhost \- Add hosts to the Kusu cluster.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBaddhost\fR [\-h|\-v|\-u]
.br 

\fBaddhost\fR [\-e {nodes_to_remove}]
   \- Remove Node(s)
.br 

\fBaddhost\fR [\-p {nodes_to_replace}]
   \- Replace Node
.br 

\fBaddhost\fR [\-s staticHostname \-x ip_addr]
   \- Add an unmanaged host with a static IP.
.br 

\fBaddhost\fR [\-s staticHostname \-i ifname]
   \- Add an unmanaged host with a dynamic IP.
.br 

\fBaddhost\fR [\-i ifname \-n {node group} [\-r rack #]]
   \- Add Host(s)
.br 

\fBaddhost\fR [\-f file \-j ifname \-n {node group} [\-r rack#]]
   \- Import MAC addresses
.br 

You use \-b with any of the usages above to run addhost in batch mode.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
Addhost is a tool for adding/removing nodes (hosts) from the cluster.  The tool provides a Textual User Interface (TUI) when run with no arguments.  The tool will prompt for the information it needs to add hosts.  The use of this tool can be scripted and allows for the bulk addition of files through a MAC file.
.LP 
The nodes in the cluster that are managed by Kusu must be configured to boot from the network using PXE.  When adding nodes the \fBaddhost\fR tool should be run prior to booting the new nodes.
.LP 
When adding nodes to the cluster interactively the tool will prompt for the nodegroup to add the hosts to and the network to listen on.  If the name format used by the nodegroup uses the rack number it will also prompt for the rack number.  The nodegroup the node is added to will control the installation of the node.  The network to listen on will control which network the installer node will listen for DHCP requests on.  The installer can install nodes from more than one NIC.
.LP 
Node names are assigned based on the nodegroups Name Format.  This is editable using \fBngedit\fR, provided there are no nodes in that nodegroup.
.LP 
Nodes may be added in bulk is a MAC file is provided.  The file should contain a list of the MAC addresses of the nodes in the order that they should be named.
.LP 
The tool has the following options:

.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-e <\fIList of Nodes\fR>, \-\-remove=<\fIList of Nodes\fR>\fR
A space separated list of nodes to remove.
.TP 
\fB\-f <\fIMAC File\fR>, \-\-file=<\fIMAC File\fR>\fR
Specifies the name of the file containing the Ethernet MAC addresses of the nodes to add to the cluster.  This option must be used with the \fB\-n\fR and \fB\-j\fR and possibly \fB\-r\fR.
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Print the help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-i <\fIInterface\fR>, \-\-interface=<\fIInterface\fR>\fR
The \fIInterface\fR on the Installer node to listen for DHCP requests.  DHCP requests on this interface will trigger adding this node to the cluster.  This is not the same as the boot interface of the installing nodes.  This option is used in conjunction with \fB\-n\fR and possibly \fB\-r\fR
.TP 
\fB\-j <\fINode Interface\fR>, \-\-node\-interface=<\fINode Interface\fR>\fR
The \fINode Interface\fR is the interface of the node(s) that are being installed to associate the MAC address from the MAC file with.  This is not the same as the Installers interface.  This option is used in conjunction with \fB\-f\fR, \fB\-n\fR and possibly \fB\-r\fR.
.TP 
\fB\-n <\fINodegroup\fR>, \-\-nodegroup=<\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Specifies the name of the nodegroup to add new nodes to.
.TP 
\fB\-p <\fINodename\fR>, \-\-replace=<\fINodename\fR>\fR
Run the tool and replace the node with a new system.  This option is used to replace existing hardware, without having to swap out the NIC cards.  When this option is used the tool will wait for the replacement node to boot to gather its MAC address.
.TP 
\fB\-r <\fIRack Number\fR>, \-\-rack=<\fIRack Number\fR>\fR
Specifies the rank number to associate the nodes with.  This option is only needed if the nodegroup specified by \fB\-n\fR has a name format that has the rank number as part of the nodes name.
.TP 
\fB\-s <\fIStatic Hostname\fR>, \-\-static=<\fIDtatic Hostname>\fR
Specifies the name of a host to add to the cluster.  This host will be listed in the hosts and DNS records of the cluster.  The host will belong to the Unmanaged nodegroup.  This option is used in conjunction with \fB\-x\fR
.TP 
\fB\-u, \-\-update\fR
Calls the addhost plugins to update the configuration files.
.TP 
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Print the version information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-x <\fIIP Address\fR>, \-\-ip\-address=<\fIIP Address\fR>\fR
Specifies the IP address of the unmanaged node that was named with the \fB\-s\fR option. 
.TP 
\fB\-b, \-\-batch\fR
Runs the addhost tool in non\-graphical batch mode
.TP
\fB\-c <\fIRank Number\fR>, \-\-rank=<\fIRank Number\fR>\fR
Use a different rank value to start with instead of 0.
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
.TP 
/opt/kusu/lib/plugins/addhost/*
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Shawn Starr <sstarr_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
nghosts(8)  
