.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "cfmclient" "8" "Version: 1.2" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
cfmclient \- Cluster File Manager (CFM) client updater.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBcfmclient\fR \-t [1\-15] \-i <\fIInstallers\fR> 

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
The cfmclient is the client updating program for Cluster File Management (CFM).  It is started by the \fBcfmd\fR, and is not typically run by users.
.LP 
The \fBcfmclient\fR performs the work of updating the node.  If a file update is requested it looks for updated files and downloads them.  If a package update is requested it looks at the local package.lst file and compares it against the installers copy.  New packages are added and old packages are removed.
.LP 
The following options are available, however the command is typically invoked by \fBcfmd\fR:
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-t [1\-15]\fR
An integer value in the range of 1 to 15 associated with a simple or combined cfm operation.

The integer values for the 4 simple cfm actions are listed below:

1 - Update files: Updates files with newer versions from the installers.

2 - Update packages: Uninstalls delisted packages and installs added packages from the installers.

4 - Force files: Downloads all files from the installers regardless of the versions already downloaded.

8 - Updates repository: Updates all existing packages in the local repository from the installers.

Bit-wise OR these values to use them in combination with one another.
For example: -t 3 results in Update of files and packages

Note: Force files option must be used in conjunction with the update files option.

.TP 
\fB\-i <\fIInstallers\fR>\fR
A comma-separated list of the IPs of all of the NICs on all of the installers.
On the master installer, this argument should be 'self'.

.SH "FILES"
.LP 
.TP 
/opt/kusu/etc/package.lst
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Kunal Chowdhury <kunalc_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cfmsync(8) cfmd(8)
