.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "cfmsync" "8" "Version: 1.1" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
cfmsync \- Signals the nodes in the cluster to update their files and or packages/components.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
cfmsync [\-h|\-v| \-f \-p \-u \-n node_group]
.LP 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
The cfmsync is part of the Cluster File Management (CFM) which the administrator uses to signal the cluster to update.
The cfmsync tool signals provisioned nodes in the cluster to update configuration files and or the packages/components.  The tool is run from the primary installer to signal the nodes to update.  This allows administrators to make configuration changes and then schedule the cluster update at a quiet time.  The tool can update a nodegroup, or the entire cluster at a time.
The tool operates in two modes:  File updates, and Package updates.
.LP 
In File update mode the CFM reads the configuration files under /etc/cfm and compresses and encrypts them and places them in /opt/kusu/cfm.  The files in this driectory are retreived by the \fBcfmclient\fR and installed in the appropriate location on the nodes.
.LP 
In Package update mode the CFM reads the list of optional packages and components from the database and builds a list of packages and components the nodegroups should have installed.  The list is retreived by the \fBcfmclient\fR, which uses it to add new packages and components and remove deleted ones.
.LP 
The cfmsync command works in conjunction with \fBcfmclient\fR and \fBcfmd\fR to update the files and packages.  The \fBcfmd\fR listens for the broadcast messages from the cfmsync program, and starts \fBcfmclient\fR with the appropriate arguments.
.LP 
NOTE:  The CFM will not remove files that have been distributed to a nodegroup.  To remove them use pdsh.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-f, \-\-files\fR
Signal that the configuration files should be updated.
.TP 
\fB\-p, \-\-packages\fR
Signal that the packages/components should be updated.
.TP 
\fB\-u, \-\-repoupdate\fR
Signal the node to update all packages it has installed with the newer ones from the repository.
.TP 
\fB\-n <\fINodegroup\fR>, \-\-nodegroup=<\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
If this option is provided it will signal all nodes in this nodegroup that they should update files if the \fB\-f\fR option was used, and or should update installed packages/components if the \fB\-p\fR option was provided.  If this option is not provided then all nodes in the cluster will be signaled to update.
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Output help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Output version information and exit.
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
\fI/etc/cfm/*\fP 
\fI/opt/kusu/cfm/*\fP
\fI/opt/kusu/etc/packages.lst\fP
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
Updating everything
.LP 
   cfmsync \-p \-f \-u
.LP 
Updating currently installed ones with the newer ones in the repository
.LP 
   cfmsync \-u
.LP
Updating the configuration files on nodegroup compute\-diskless\-test
.LP 
   cfmsync \-f \-n compute\-diskless\-test
.LP 
Update the packages/components installed on nodegroup compute\-diskless\-test
.LP 
   cfmsync \-p \-n compute\-diskless\-test

.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Mark Black <mblack_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
ngedit(8) cfmd(8) cfmclient(8) 
