.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "genconfig" "8" "Version: 1.2" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
genconfig \- Kusu configuration file generator.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBgenconfig\fR [\-h|\-v|\-d database \-u user \-p password ] \fBPlugin\fR \fBPlugin_args\fR

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
Genconfig is a tool for querying the database to generate configuration files
.LP 
Genconfig uses a plugin mechanism.  Each plugin generates a different output.  The base package has plugins for:
.IP 
\- debug  	\- provides debugging information.
.br    
\- hosts  	\- Creates the /etc/hosts file
.br 
\- hostspdsh	\- Creates the hosts file for pdsh
.br 
\- zone		\- Creates the DNS zone files
.br 
\- named		\- DNS named.conf file
.br 
\- nodegroups	\- List of nodegroups
.br 
\- bashrc	\- .bashrc file for users
.br 
\- nodes		\- List of nodes in the cluster
.br 
\- apache_conf	\- Config file for httpd.
.br  
\- hostsequiv 	\- Creates the hosts.equiv file    
.br 
\- dhcpd		\- Creates the dhcpd.conf 
.br 
\- reverse 	\- Creates the DNS reverse records
.br 
\- ssh		\- Generates a ssh config file 
.LP 
Other plugins will be provided by additional kits.  
.LP 
The plugins may require additional arguments to run.  This can be determined by running: \fBgenconfig \-h <Plugin>\fR 
.br 
This will output the help text for that plugin.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-h <Optional Plugin>\fR
If no plugin name is provided it will print the help information and a list of all available plugins and exit.  If the <Optional Plugin> is provided it will print the help information for that plugin.
.TP 
\fBPlugin\fR
.br 
The name of the plugin to run.
.TP 
\fBPlugin_args\fR
.br 
Arguments that are needed by the plugin to operate.
.TP 
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Print the version information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-d <Database>\fR
Connect to an alternate database named <Database> to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
.TP 
\fB\-u <User>\fR
Connect to an alternate database as user <User> to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-p <Password>\fR
Connect to an alternate database using password <Password> to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
.TP 
/opt/kusu/lib/plugins/genconfig/*
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Mark Black, <mblack_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
addhost(8), ngedit(8)  
