.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "kusu-ngedit" "8" "Version: ${VERSION_STR}" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
kusu-ngedit \- Tool for manipulating the nodegroup properties.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP 
\fBkusu-ngedit\fR  \- For interactive menus
.LP 
\fBkusu-ngedit\fR [\-h|\-v|\-l] 
.br 

\fBkusu-ngedit\fR \-p <NGName>
   \- Prints detailed configuration of a nodegroup.
.br
 
\fBkusu-ngedit\fR \-s <NGName>
   \- Lists all the expired nodes in a nodegroup. 
.br 

\fBkusu-ngedit\fR \-d <NGName>
   \- Deletes a nodegroup.
.br 

\fBkusu-ngedit\fR \-c <NGName> \-n <NewNGName>
   \- Copies a nodegroup
.br 

\fBkusu-ngedit\fR \-i <XMLFile> [\-u] [\-r]
   \- Imports a nodegroup configuration
.br 

\fBkusu-ngedit\fR \-e <NGName>
   \- Exports a nodegroup configuration
.br 

\fBkusu-ngedit\fR \-t <XMLFile>
   \- Validates a nodegroup configuration file
.br 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
The Nodegroup Editor (kusu-ngedit) is a textual user interface for manipulating the nodegroup properties, and hence their uses.  The tool allows the administrator to control the following aspects of the nodes in a nodegroup:
.IP 
\- Installation Repository, and hence OS type.
.br 
\- Type of install to perform [Package|Diskless|Imaged]
.br 
\- Name format 
.br 
\- Network configuration
.br 
\- Components installed (Applications)
.br 
\- Partition layout
.br 
\- Optional packages
.br 
\- User provided customization scripts
.LP 
When run without arguments the Textual User Interface (TUI) will run.  This interface will allow the user to copy, delete, and edit existing nodegroups.
.LP 
The tool does not permit setting of the network parameters.  Instead it allows the user to select which network a node will belong to.  The networks are defined by the \fBkusu-netedit\fR tool.
.LP 
When run with arguments the functionality will differ.  It will allow copying and deleting nodegroups, but will not allow editing.  The number of arguments needed to represent the nodegroup properties was too great.  In this mode the nodegroup properties and node states can be viewed.
.LP 
The following options are available: 
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-c <\fINodegroup\fR>, \-\-copy=<\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Copy the named nodegroup.  This option must be used in conjunction with the \fB\-n, \-\-new\fR to specify the name of the new nodegroup.  When copying a nodegroup the kusu-cfmsync process \fBmust\fR be run to make the CFM distributed files for that nodegroup available.
.TP 
\fB\-d <\fINodegroup\fR>, \-\-delete=<\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Delete the the named nodegroup. 
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Output help information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Display version of tool and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-l, \-\-list\fR
Output a list of all nodegroups and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-p <\fINodegroup\fR>, \-\-print=<\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Output a detailed list of the nodegroups properties and exit. 
.TP 
\fB\-n <\fINewNodegroup\fR>, \-\-new=<\fINewNodegroup\fR>\fR
Give the new nodegroup the name provided.  This option must be used in conjunction with the \fB\-c, \-\-copy\fR option to specify the name of the nodegroup to copy.
.TP 
\fB\-s <\fINodegroup\fR>, \-\-stale=<\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Output a list of all nodes in <\fINodegroup\fR> that have a state of Expired.  The Expired state indicates that the node is not in sync with the properties defined in the database for that nodegroup.
.TP 
\fB\-i <\fIXMLFile\fR>, \-\-import=<\fIXMLFile\fR>\fR
Import a node group configuration file in XML format
.TP 
\fB\-u, \-\-update\fR
Synchronizes a node group when committing a node group configuration that 
has been imported
.TP 
\fB\-r, \-\-removexml\fR
After a node group configuration has been committed, removes the associated 
XML file that was used to import the configuration
.TP 
\fB\-e <\fINodegroup\fR>, \-\-export=<\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Outputs a node group configuration file to stdout in XML format
.TP 
\fB\-t <\fIXMLFile\fR>, \-\-test=<\fIXMLFile\fR>\fR
Tests a node group configuration stored in an XML file
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
\fI/etc/cfm/*\fP   \- Created on nodegroup copy

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
Running in TUI mode:
.LP 
   kusu-ngedit
.LP 
Listing the properties of nodegroup compute\-diskless\-test
.LP 
   kusu-ngedit \-p compute\-diskless\-test
.LP 
Copy nodegroup compute\-diskless\-test to compute\-diskless\-New
.LP 
   kusu-ngedit \-c compute\-diskless\-test \-n compute\-diskless\-New

.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Mark Black <mblack_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
kusu-netedit(8) kusu-nghosts(8) 
