.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "kusu-boothost" "8" "Version: ${VERSION_STR}" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
kusu-boothost \- Creates the PXE configuration files for node booting.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP 
kusu-boothost [\-h|\-v|\-l {optional nodename}]
.LP 
kusu-boothost [\-n node_group] | [\-m node_list] | [\-s node_group]
         [\-r] [\-k Kernel] [\-i Initrd] [\-p Kern_Parms]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
The kusu-boothost tool creates PXE configuration files for booting nodes over the network.  The command reads kernel, initrd, kernel parameters and desired boot device from the database and constructs the PXE file for the node(s) in /tftpboot/kusu/pxelinux.cfg/.  The command is typically called by the other tools such as kusu-ngedit, kusu-nghosts, and kusu-addhost, but can also be run manually.
.LP 
The tool can provide a list of the nodes and their booting state using the \fB\-l\fR option.  This will list the nodes network information along with nodes installation state and nodegroup.
.LP 
The command provides a way of overriding the default kernel, initrd, and kernel parameters of a given nodegroup.  This option can be used to try custom kernels on one or mode nodes without affecting all nodes in a nodegroup.  The command can also be used to revert the kernel, initrd, and kernel parameters back to the nodegroups default values.


.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Output help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-i <\fIInitrd\fR>,\fR
Override the nodegroups initrd with the one provided.  The initrd must reside in /tftpboot/kusu/ for the node to locate and use it.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-k <\fIKernel\fR>,\fR
Override the nodegroups default kernel with the one provided.  The kernel must exist in /tftpboot/kusu/ for the node to locate and use it.  This option can be used to test custom kernels without affecting other nodes in the nodegroup.
.TP 
\fB\-l <\fIOptional Nodename\fR>\fR
Provide node booting information and status for all nodes provisioned by the installer.  If the <\fIOptional Nodename\fR> is provided, then provide this information for this node only. The information provided will include:
.IP 
   \- Node name
.br 
   \- Nodegroup
.br 
   \- State [Expired|Installed]
.br 
   \- Where to boot from next [Disk|Network]
.br 
   \- Kernel to use
.br 
   \- Initrd to use
.br 
   \- Kernel Parameters
.br 
   \- MAC address of booting interface
.br 
   \- IP address of booting interface
.br 
.TP 
\fB\-m <\fINode List\fR>\fR
Update the PXE configuration files for the node(s) listed.  This is a comma separated list.  The command will read the database and regenerate the booting PXE file. 
.TP 
\fB\-p <\fIKernel Paramaters\fR>,\fR
Override the nodegroups default kernel parameters with the ones provided.  Note:  Remember to verify the paramaters are set correctly when they contain quote characters by using the \fB\-l\fR option.
.TP 
\fB\-r\fR
Attempt to connect to and reboot the requested node(s) or nodegroup.  This uses pdsh, but may be slow if nodes are down.
.TP 
\fB\-s <\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Update the PXE configuration files for the nodes in the nodegroup that are in a state or expired.  This is option may be removed if not useful.  If any custom kernel, initrd, or kernel parameters were used these will be reset back to the nodegroups defaults.
.TP 
\fB\-n <\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Update the PXE configuration files for the nodes in the nodegroup.  If any custom kernel, initrd, or kernel parameters were used these will be reset back to the nodegroups defaults.  If used in conjunction with \fB\-r\fR it will trigger the re-installation of all nodes in the specified nodegroup.
.TP 
\fB\-v\fR
Output version information and exit.
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
\fI/tftpboot/kusu/pxelinux.cfg/*\fP 

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
List the booting information for all nodes:
.LP 
   kusu-boothost \-l
.LP 
List the booting information for node host000:
.LP 
   kusu-boothost \-l host000
.LP 
Rebuild the PXE configuration file for nodes host000 and host999:
.LP 
   kusu-boothost \-m host000,host999
.LP 
Rebuild the PXE configuration file for all nodes in nodegroup compute\-diskless\-test 
.LP 
   kusu-boothost \-n compute\-diskless\-test
.LP 
Rebuild the PXE configuration file for host000 and set a custom kernel, initrd, and kernel parameters. 
.LP 
   kusu-boothost \-m host000 \-k kernel\-custom \-i initrd\-custom.img \-p 'param1 booger=nuggets'
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Mark Black <mblack_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
kusu-ngedit(8) kusu-addhost(8) kusu-nghosts(8) 
