.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "kusu-repopatch" "8" "Version: ${VERSION_STR}" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
kusu-repopatch \- Kusu repository patching tool.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP 
\fBkusu-repopatch\fR [\-h|\-v|-y|\-r <Repo>] 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
Kusu-repopatch is a repository patching tool.  Kusu supports multiple repositories on the installer.  These repositories can be patched with the latest OS vendors packages using the kusu-repopatch tool.  
.LP 
For the Red Hat OS it is necessary to have a valid subscription to Red Hat Network.
.LP 
Kusu-repopatch supports the use of proxies.  Proxy settings can be set either in /opt/kusu/updates.conf or via environment variables.  For example, export <proto>_proxy=http://username:password@proxy_host:port.  When both are set, the proxy settings set via the environment variables take precedence over the settings in /opt/kusu/etc/updates.conf.
.LP 
Kusu-repopatch has the following options:


.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Print the help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-y, \-\-yes\fR
Assume yes as the answer to any question that would be asked.
.TP 
\fB\-r <Repo>, \-\-reponame=<Repo>\fR
The name of the repository to update.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbdriver=<Driver>\fR
Connect to an alternate database using the driver specified. Currently supported dbdrivers are postgres, mysql or sqlite.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbdatabase=<Database>\fR
Connect to an alternate database to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbuser=<User>\fR
Connect to an alternate database as user <User> to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbpassword=<Password>\fR
Connect to an alternate database using the password provided  to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Print the version information and exit.

.SH "FILES"
.LP 
.TP 
/depot/repos/{Numeric Directories}
.LP 
/opt/kusu/etc/updates.conf
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Liming Tsai, <ltsai_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
kusu-kitops(8), kusu-repoman(8)  
