.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "netedit" "8" "5.0.0" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
netedit \- Network editor for nodegroups.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBnetedit\fR  \- For normal interactive operation
.LP 
\fBnetedit\fR [\-h|\-l|\-v]  \- For information
.LP 
\fBnetedit\fR [\-a \-n network \-s subnet \-i ifname \-t start_ipaddr \-g gateway \-e {network description} [\-x suffix] [\-o {network options}] [\-y | \-z] [\-r increment]]
.LP 
\fBnetedit\fR [\-a \-i ifname \-e {network description} [\-x suffix] [\-o {network options}] [\-y | \-z] \-p] - DHCP Mode
.LP 
\fBnetedit\fR [\-c netid# \-n network \-s subnet \-i ifname \-t start_ipaddr \-g gateway \-e {network description} [\-x suffix] [\-o {network options}] [\-p] [\-y | \-z]] [\-r increment]
.LP 
\fBnetedit\fR [\-c netid# \-i ifname \-e {network description} [\-x suffix] [\-o {network options}] [\-y | \-z]] \-p] - DHCP Mode
.LP 
\fBnetedit\fR [\-w netid# [\-x suffix] [\-o netoptions] [\-y | \-z] [\-t start_ipaddr] [\-e {network description}] [\-r increment]]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
The netedit tool is for managing the networks in the cluster.  It is used to define the characteristics of a NIC in a nodegroup.  There may be several networks defined all on ht esame network but with slightly different properties, such as starting IP, or interface.
.LP 
The tool is used in conjunction with \fBngedit\fR to define how the NICs on the installed nodes should be configured.  The NICs configured need not be directly connected to the installer nodes network(s).  Only one NIC on a provisioned node needs to be on the same network(s) as the installer.   
.LP 
The tool works in a Textual User Interface (TUI) mode when no arguments are provided, prompting for the information needed. 
.LP 
When a network is in use (has a nodegroup using it with at least one node) netedit will prevent some of the parameters from being changed.
.LP 
The following options are available: 
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help \fR
Provides some basic help information and exits. 
.TP 
\fB\-c <\fINetID\fR>, \-\-change=<\fINetID\fR>\fR
Change the network defined by the \fINetID\fR.  Use the \fB\-l\fR option to get the \fINetID\fR.  Not all network properties will be changable once a nodegroup using this network has a node in it.
.TP 
\fB\-d <\fINetID\fR>, \-\-delete=<\fINetID\fR>\fR
Delete the network defined by the \fINetID\fR.  Use the \fB\-l\fR option to get the \fINetID\fR.
.TP 
\fB\-e <\fIDescription\fR>, \-\-description=<\fIDescription\fR>\fR
A text string describing the use for the network.
.TP 
\fB\-g <\fIGateway\fR>, \-\-gateway=<\fIGateway\fR>\fR
The gateway to use for this network.  This is used for the default gateway on a node.  The nodegroup only supports one.
.TP 
\fB\-i <\fINIC Interface\fR>, \-\-interface=<\fINIC Interface\fR>\fR
The NIC interface the network configuration should be associated with.
.TP 
\fB\-l, \-\-list\-networks \fR
Print out a list of all networks and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-n <\fINetwork\fR>, \-\-network=<\fINetwork\fR>\fR
The Network this is on e.g. 192.168.23.0
.TP 
\fB\-o <\fIOptions\fR>, \-\-options=<\fIOptions\fR>\fR
The options field is in support of various netoworking options.  It has no effect at this time.
.TP 
\fB\-p, \-\-dhcp\fR
Do not assign an IP to this interface.  Let the machine get an IP from that networks DHCP server, not the installer. The -a and -c option work differently when using -p mode.
.TP 
\fB\-r <\fIIncrement\fR>, \-\-increment=<\fIIncrement\fR>\fR
The amount to change the IP address by when adding nodes.  This may be positive or negitive.  The default is 1.
.TP 
\fB\-s <\fISubnet\fR>, \-\-subnet=<\fISubnet\fR>\fR
The subnet to use when adding or changing a network.
.TP 
\fB\-t <\fIStart IP\fR>, \-\-starting\-ip=<\fIStart IP\fR>\fR
The IP address to start assigning nodes to.  This inconjunction with the increment option \fB\-i\fR determines the IP address of the nexted added node. 
.TP 
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Prints the version number and exits.
.TP 
\fB\-w <\fINetwork ID\fR>, \-\-change\-used\-network=<\fINetwork ID\fR>\fR
This is the netork ID from the \fB\-l\fR output.  This option is used to change networks that are already in use.  Only some parameters of a used network can be changed.  This option can be used with: \fB\-t\fR, \fB\-e\fR, \fB\-r\fR, \fB\-o\fR, \fB\-y\fR, \fB\-z\fR.  
.TP 
\fB\-y, \-\-provision\-type\fR
Sets the network type to provisioned when adding or changing a network.
.TP 
\fB\-z, \-\-public\-type\fR
Sets the network type to public when adding or changing a network.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
Normal invocation:
.LP 
   netedit
.LP 
Listing networks:
.LP 
   netedit \-l
.LP 
Adding the network 192.168.10.0, with subnet mask 255.255.255.128, using eth0.  Nodes will be numbered from 192.168.10.45.  The name of the network will be Test Network.
.LP 
   netedit \-a \-n 192.168.10.0 \-subnet 255.255.255.128 \-i eth0 \-t 192.168.10.45 \-e 'Test Network' \-x '\-eth0' \-y
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Shawn Starr <sstarr_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
ngedit(8) nghosts(8)  
