.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "nghosts" "8" "Version: 1.1" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
nghosts \- Tool for switching nodes into different nodegroups.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBnghosts\fR  \- For interactive menus
.LP 
\fBnghosts\fR [ \-h | \-l | \-v |\-g <Nodegroup>]  \- For information
.LP 
\fBnghosts\fR [\-f <SrcNG>|\-m <HostList>] \-t <DestNG> \-a <Rack> \- To move nodes
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
The Nodegroup Hosts Editor (nghosts) is a textual user interface for manipulating the nodegroup the hosts belong to.  The tool can be run interactively, or from the command line.  If no arguments are given the Textual User Interface (TUI) will start.  
.LP 
The tool allows the administrator to move individual nodes, or entire nodegroups to a destination nodegroup.  They may optionally try to re\-install those nodes.
.LP 
Under some circumstances the tool may be unable to move a node to a different nodegroup.  This occurs when the destination nodegroup is connected to the installer through a different interface than the one the node originally booted from.  When this happens it is necessary to use \fBaddhost\fR to remove the node, then to re\-add it to the new nodegroup. 
.LP 
The following options are available: 
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-a <\fIRackNumber\fR>, \-\-rack=<\fIRackNumber\fR>\fR
Some destination nodegroups may be using a host naming scheme that incorporates the rack number into it.  This option specified the rack number to be used when naming these nodes. 
.TP 
\fB\-m <\fIHostList\fR>, \-\-move\-hosts=<\fIHostList\fR>\fR
A space delimited list of host names to move to another nodegroup.
.TP 
\fB\-f <\fISrcNG\fR>, \-\-from\-group=<\fISrcNG\fR>\fR
The name of the source nodegroup to move all nodes from.
.TP 
\fB\-g <\fINodegroup\fR>, \-\-list\-nodegroup=<\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Provide a list of all the nodes in a given nodegroup.
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Output help information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Display version of tool and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-l, \-\-list\-all\-nodegroups\fR
Output a list of all nodegroups and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-p <\fINodegroup\fR>, \-\-print=<\fINodegroup\fR>\fR
Output a detailed list of the nodegroups properties and exit. 
.TP 
\fB\-t <\fIDestNG\fR>, \-\-to\-group= <\fIDestNG\fR>\fR
Move the nodes this this destination nodegroup.  This option must be used in conjunction with the \fB\-c, \-\-move\-hosts\fR or \fB\-f, \-\-from\-group\fR.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
Running in TUI mode:
.LP 
   nghosts
.LP 
Listing the nodes in nodegroup compute\-diskless\-test
.LP 
   nghosts \-g compute\-diskless\-test
.LP 
Move nodegroup compute\-diskless\-test nodes to compute\-diskless\-New.
.LP
   nghosts \-f compute\-diskless\-test \-t compute\-diskless\-New
.LP

.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Shawn Starr <sstarr_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
ngedit(8) 
