.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "repoman" "8" "5.0.0" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
repoman \- Kusu/OCS repository management tool.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBrepoman\fR [\-h|\-v|\-l] 
.LP 
\fBrepoman\fR [[\-a|\-e] \-r <Repo> {\-k <kit> | \-\-kit=<kit>} [\-o <kitversion> | \-\-kitversion=<kitversion>] [\-c <kitarch> |  \-\-kitarch=<kitarch>]
.LP 
\fBrepoman\fR [[\-s|\-u|\-n] \-r <Repo>]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
Repoman is a repository management tool.  Kusu/OCS supports multiple repositories on the installer.  These repositories need not be using the same OS.  Repoman is used to manage the repositories on the installer.  It allows:
.IP 
\- Adding a kit to a repository.
.br 
\- Deleting a kit from a repository.
.br 
\- Creating a new repository.
.br 
\- Snapshoting (copying) a repository.
.br 
\- Rebuilding a repository.
.br 
\- Listing the repositories.
.LP 
When a kit is added or removed the repository has to be rebuilt.  This is done with the \fB\-u\fR option.  Currently the option to add and remove kits cannot be combined with the \fB\-u\fR option.  This allows for multiple kits to be added or removed without the lengthy process of rebuilding the repository.
.LP 
Kits can be added to the repository at any time, however kits cannot be removed from a repository if any of the components in the kit are still associated with any nodegroup.  Use \fBrepoman \-l\fR to list the kits in a repository then \fBkitops \-l\fR to see which nodegroups are using a kit to determine where a component needs to be de\-selected prior to removing a kit.
.LP 
Repoman has the following options:


.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-a, \-\-add\fR
Add a kit to the repository specified with the \fB\-r\fR option.  Note repoman has to be run again to rebuild (\fB\-u\fR) the repository after a kit has been added.
.TP 
\fB\-e, \-\-delete\fR
Remove a kit from a repository specified with the \fB\-r\fR option.  Note repoman has to be run again to rebuild (\fB\-u\fR) the repository after a kit has been removed.
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Print the help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-k, \-\-kit=<\fIKit Name\fR>\fR
Specifies the name of the kit to add or remove.
.TP 
\fB\-o, \-\-kitversion=<\fIKit Version\fR>\fR
Specifies the kit version to add or remove.  
.TP 
\fB\-c, \-\-kitarch=<\fIKit Arch\fR>\fR
Specifies the kit architecture to add or remove. 
.TP 
\fB\-l, \-\-list\fR
Specifies the kit ISO file, or the mount point of the media containing the kit to add.
.TP 
\fB\-n, \-\-new\fR
Creates a repository new repository with the name specified with the \fB\-r\fR option.  After creating a new repository it is necessary to associate kits with it using the \fB\-a\fR option.  Once all kits have been associated with it repoman has to be run again to rebuild (\fB\-u\fR) the repository.
.TP 
\fB\-r <Repo>, \-\-reponame=<Repo>\fR
The name of the repository to act on.
.TP 
\fB\-s, \-\-snapshot\fR
Creates a copy of an existing repository.  This option is useful for testing out patches before deploying them on the entire cluster.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbdriver=<Driver>\fR
Connect to an alternate database using the driver specified.  Currently mysqland or sqlite.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbdatabase=<Database>\fR
Connect to an alternate database to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbuser=<User>\fR
Connect to an alternate database as user <User> to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbpassword=<Password>\fR
Connect to an alternate database using the password provided  to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Print the version information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-y, \-\-yes\fR
Skip the confirmation when deleting a kit.
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
.TP 
/depot/repos/{Numeric Directories}
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Liming Tsai, <ltsai_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
kitops(8), ngedit(8)  
