.\" Copyright (c) 2007 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "repopatch" "8" "0.10" "Mark Black" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
repopatch \- Kusu/OCS repository patching tool.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBrepopatch\fR [\-h|\-v|\-r <Repo>] 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
Repopatch is a repository patching tool.  Kusu/OCS supports multiple repositories on the installer.  These repositories can be patched with the latest OS vendors packages using the repopatch tool.  
.LP 
For the Red Hat OS it is necessary to have a valid subscription to Red Hat Network.
.LP 
Repopatch has the following options:


.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Print the help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-r <Repo>, \-\-reponame=<Repo>\fR
The name of the repository to update.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbdriver=<Driver>\fR
Connect to an alternate database using the driver specified.  Currently mysql and or sqlite.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbdatabase=<Database>\fR
Connect to an alternate database to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbuser=<User>\fR
Connect to an alternate database as user <User> to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-\-dbpassword=<Password>\fR
Connect to an alternate database using the password provided  to read information from.  This option is not needed for normal use.
.TP 
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
Print the version information and exit.

.SH "FILES"
.LP 
.TP 
/depot/repos/{Numeric Directories}
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Liming Tsai, <ltsai_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
kitops(8), repoman(8)  
