.\" Copyright (c) 2010 Platform Computing Inc
.TH "kusu-migrate" "8" "Version: ${VERSION_STR}" "Ang Yun Quan" "Kusu Base"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
kusu-migrate \- Migration tool for PCM 1.2 to PCM 2.0
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP
\fBkusu-migrate\fR [\-e {\-t \fI<TGZFile>\fR}]    - Export PCM 1.2 configuration information into a tar-gzipped file
.LP
\fBkusu-migrate\fR [\-i \-t \fI<TGZFile>\fR]      - Import PCM 1.2 configuration information, from a tar-gzipped file, to a PCM 2.0 directory
.LP
\fBkusu-migrate\fR \-r                     - Generate and print configuration report for PCM 1.2.
.LP
\fBkusu-migrate\fR [\-r {\-t \fI<TGZFile>\fR}]    - Print the PCM 1.2 configuration report inside a tar-gzipped file.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
kusu-migrate is a migration tool for extracting PCM 1.2 information into the PCM 2.0 /depot/kusu-migrate directory. The export option captures PCM 1.2 configurations and export it into a tar-gzipped file. The import option extracts the information from the tar-gzipped file and imports it into the /depot/kusu-migrate directory of PCM 2.0. The report option generates a report of the current PCM 1.2 installation settings. Alternatively, the report option will print a previously generated report in a given tar-gzipped file, if any. The kusu-migrate tool also handles the migration of the Platform LSF kit and the Platform Lava kit configuration from PCM 1.2 to PCM 2.0 if those kits are installed.
.LP

.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB\-e, \-\-export\fR
Export PCM 1.2 configuration into tar-gzipped file.
.TP
\fB\-i, \-\-import\fR
Import PCM 1.2 configuration from a tar-gzipped file into a PCM 2.0 directory.
.TP
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Print the help information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-r, \-\-report\fR
Print the report of the current PCM 1.2 cluster or the report in the tar-gzipped file, if provided.
.TP
\fB\-t, \-\-tgzfile=<\fITARGZ\fR>\fR
Specify the name of the tar-gzipped file to use for export, import or report option.

.SH "FILES"
.LP
.TP
/depot/kusu-migrate/*
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP
Ang Yun Quan, <yqang_at_platform_dot_com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP

